content/about.md, before:

# About

Specalyzer runs on [shiny](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/shiny/index.html) and uses the following R packages: [hsdar](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/hsdar/index.html), [plotly](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/plotly/index.html),  [dplyr](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/dplyr/index.html), [reshape2](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/reshape2/index.html),  [asdreader](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/asdreader/index.html),  [shinyjs](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/shinyjs/index.html), [readr](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/readr/index.html), [DT](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/DT/index.html).

## Contact us

Send your feedback to:

### Dr. Aakash Chawade

Researcher

Email: [aakash.chawade@slu.se](mailto:aakash.chawade@slu.se)

### Alexander Koc

Bioinformatician

Email: [alexander.koc@slu.se](mailto:alexander.koc@slu.se)

---

[Department of Plant Breeding](https://www.slu.se/en/departments/plant-breeding/)  
Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences  
Sundsvägen 10  
23053 Alnarp  
Sweden

Commit message:

Add version nbr and link to Github repo

content/about.md, after:

# About

Specalyzer runs on [shiny](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/shiny/index.html) and uses the following R packages: [hsdar](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/hsdar/index.html), [plotly](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/plotly/index.html),  [dplyr](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/dplyr/index.html), [reshape2](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/reshape2/index.html),  [asdreader](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/asdreader/index.html),  [shinyjs](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/shinyjs/index.html), [readr](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/readr/index.html), [DT](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/DT/index.html).

The Specalyzer source code and assorted build/installation instructions can be found over at Github: http://github.com/alkc/specalyzer


## Version

This is Specalyzer version 1.1

Last updated: 2018-05-17

## Contact us

Send your feedback to:

### Dr. Aakash Chawade

Researcher

Email: [aakash.chawade@slu.se](mailto:aakash.chawade@slu.se)

### Alexander Koc

Bioinformatician

Email: [alexander.koc@slu.se](mailto:alexander.koc@slu.se)

---

[Department of Plant Breeding](https://www.slu.se/en/departments/plant-breeding/)  
Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences  
Sundsvägen 10  
23053 Alnarp  
Sweden
